35 and Punta Cana vibes
Reviewed By Shaun Banicki - Palatine, Illinois | Traveled to Punta Cana | Dominican Republic | Caribbean
Jess helped my wife and I plan our Punta Cana getaway for my 35th birthday and it was amazing!! She truly made the entire process effortless. We have already referred her services to several people and will definitely be working with her in the future. 10 out of 10!!
✓ I would recommend this agent to my family and friends.


Punta Cana 2026
Reviewed By Sammy Jo - Chicago, IL | Traveled to Punta Cana | Dominican Republic | Caribbean
Jess is fantastic. I wanted to get away, relax and do little prep. She did it ALL. I filled out the easiest form and a few days later, she packaged everything for me beautifully. All I had to do was review the options which were equipped with pictures and a summary of the offering. I seriously didn't have to do anything but pay! She sends reminders, checklist, etc.! My husband and I got to unwind and reconnect. Highly recommend Jess. Thank you!!!
✓ I would recommend this agent to my family and friends.


The smoothest sailing cruise imaginable!
Reviewed By Meg - Saint John, Indiana | Traveled to Key West ~ Florida ~ USA
Jessica was excited, approachable, and thoughtful every step of the way from exploring our cruise options, booking and submitting payment for the trip, sending helpful, personalized reminder emails about requirements for checking in, passports, even down to a recommended packing list the perfect amount of time beforehand! I was blown away by her attention to detail and felt confident about all aspects of our cruise! We will definitely be booking our next vacation/trip with Jessica.
✓ I would recommend this agent to my family and friends.


An Amazing Stress-Free Experience
Reviewed By Claire - Mokena, IL | Traveled to Fiji ~ South Pacific
Jessica is very professional and thorough in her services. She was very reachable and answered any questions or concerns quickly and always positively to put my mind at ease! Everything she booked for us was excellent and all within our budget. There was one small issue with one of our hotels when we arrived in Fiji and Jess cleared it all up in minutes after I texted her- leaving me calm and stress-free on my vacation! Jess was absolutely amazing and I can't recommend her enough to anyone looking for a stress-free vacation booking and experience- in fact my parents already plan on using her services for their next trip to the Caribbean! Thank you, Jess!!!
✓ I would recommend this agent to my family and friends.


The Best Trip of Our Family&#39;s Life
Reviewed By HMR - Evanston, IL | Traveled to Italy ~ Europe
Jessica is an absolutely amazing travel agent; if I could have given her a 6/5, I would have done so for her excellent work with our family of 8's June 2024 trip to Italy. Jessica started with active listening to us, then swiftly offered a well-rounded and spot-on array of options for the many aspects of our trip. When a couple of act-of-God incidents arose on our trip, she was calmly sympathetic and immediately responsive to help us adapt our initial plans. Despite these occurrences (rockfalls on roads, trouble with an island's water supply), our family had the trip our lives—and Jessica's enthusiastic support and impeccable skills in setting things up for us were a big part of making it easy for us to enjoy ourselves utterly.
✓ I would recommend this agent to my family and friends.